# Software Engineering 

Most of the projects/work I've been doing has been proprietary so I can't post it online, but here are some of my personal projects I can mention. I'm currently working at a start up as a backend Javascript engineer.

## Personal Projects

- [Lenox Group Platform](https://www.lenox.group/)

- Jancoin (Created unique ERC721 tokens based on amalgamated, AI generated text based off Trump and Nietzche quotes).

- Steven Hawking text generated by AI then used as lyrics for a piece of classical music. This was done with using a similar AI as Jancoin, except the data that was used was cleaned and presented in totally different ways.

- This website itself! I made it using GatsbyJS in conjunction with Graphql/React in order to get some experience with these popular JS tools. 

My specialty is Python, but I've currently been primarily programming in Javascript since ~August 2018. I currently have 3 years of software engineering work experience.

Framework/Language Experience:
- Python 3
    * Django
    * Jupyter Notebook
    * Numpy, Pandas, other data science tools...
    * Tensorflow
    * Conda
    * Pip
    * Peer mentor at the NYC Python Meetup
- Javascript
    * Serverless/Lambda
    * Node
    * React
    * GraphQL 
    * Jquery
    * AJAX
    * Jest
    * ES6 & ES7 syntax
    * NPM/Yarn
    * A great understanding of the prototype chain and how that gives us access to OOP designs
    * Active community member of the Build With Code NYC JS Meetup
- Solidity
    * ERC20 contracts
    * ERC721 contracts
- Tons of Selenium automation and testing scripts written in a variety of languages (Python, Javascript, and Java)
- Git, Github, Gitlab, Bitbucket, Sourcetree
- VSCode, Intellij, Sublime
- Linux
    * Ubuntu
    * Debian
- Terminal
- Bash
- AWS
- Virtual Machines, Docker, 
- SQL
    * Postgres
    * Postico
    * PGAdmin
- Java
    * Maven
    * Glassfish
- C++
- Go
- Standard front end languages- HTML, CSS, etc..

And so on... Probably forgetting some things but I've dipped my hands in a handy amount of full stack utilities.